Improve readme (#3)
MisterIcy/RenegadeDiff: README.md

# Renegade Diff

<p align="center">
  <img src="./doc/renegade-diff.png" alt="Where code meets its match">
</p>

## Overview

> **Renegade Diff** is an Github Action that conducts ruthless code reviews and analyses pull requests with the precision of a vigilnte that is powered by Generative AI.

Author: ```suggestion
**Renegade Diff** is an Github Action that conducts ruthless code reviews and analyses pull requests with the precision of a digital vigilante that is powered by Generative AI.
```
